Feature 1627 release guide (#1630)
dtcenter/METplus: docs/Release_Guide/release_steps/common/update_dtc_website.rst

      
    * For an official release, remove the corresponding development
      releases.

  * Create or edit the "Coordinated METplus Version X.Y" software release.

    * For a beta1 development release, create the "Coordinated METplus
      Version X.Y" release section if it doesn't already exist.  Ensure the
      "Release Type" is set to *Development*. Add links for the |projectRepo|

>       X.Y.Z beta1, the METplus "Documentation", and METplus "Existing Builds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      X.Y.Z beta1, the METplus "Documentation", the METplus "Existing Builds
```

>       and Docker" and under "Release Notes" add a bullet point linking to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      and Docker" page, and the "Release Notes". Add to the Release Notes a link to the
```

>       |projectRepo| Release Notes with the text |projectRepo|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      |projectRepo| Release Notes.
```

>     * For a beta>=2 development release, update the existing link and text in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * For a beta2 or beyond development release, update the existing link and text in
```

>       the "Coordinated METplus Version X.Y" release section with the beta>=2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      the "Coordinated METplus Version X.Y" release section with the updated
```

      development release information.

    * For an official release, update the existing link and text in
      the "Coordinated METplus Version X.Y" release section with the X.Y.Z
      information. Change the "Release Type" from *Development* to

>       *Recommended*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      *Recommended*. Consider changing the "Release Type" of previous coordinated releases from *Recommended* to *Other*.
```

Author: Great catch here, thank you!
